/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_27july2026_p1.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 28_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

// KARBYTES_VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTIONS_27JULY2026

The following video was transcribed using the TurboScribe.ai web application.

* * *

video_0_name: karbytes_thinking_27july2026_p0.mp4

(relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/the_cosmos_as_fundamentally_digital/)

video_0_transcription:

Okay, it's approximately 7:26PM Pacific Standard Time on 27_JULY_2026. I've been working on KARBYTES pretty much all day, except for I took about an hour break to go walking around barefoot at Horsey Hill, and it was very nice. While I was there, I also was a little bit high on a shroom.

I haven't done any psychoactive drugs except for caffeine for the past three or four days, and decided today would be a good day to do approximately 250 milligrams of psilomethoxin, which is basically mostly psilocybin with a little bit of 5-MeO-DMT infused in it; not enough to really cause any obvious hallucinations or altered states of consciousness, but there is a noticeable change in my cognition where I feel a little bit more...it's hard to describe what it is exactly. An altered state of consciousness somewhat...maybe a bit more in tune with what feels like the bigger picture of reality, where I feel like...I feel more spiritual, I guess that's the word.

And I mean that in a sincere way, not in a trying to be spiritual kind of way, where just naturally I just feel aligned with the cosmos, and I see the beauty in things, and it feels deep, and it feels timeless. And it feels good, for the most part. Not depressing.

It just helps me contextualize everything in a more bigger picture kind of way. Right now I'm making some blue oatmeal, which I color using blue spirulina, and I add some brown sugar, and a touch of cinnamon to make it taste good. And I also have some coffee, which I made earlier today.

It's a nice way to have some food and some drink which is also stimulating as evening approaches. And I realize how beautiful of a place I live in. When I was at Horsey Hill, I could see this house that I'm in from the hilltop. It's very clear to see. It's probably the most prominent building you could see if you're at Horsey Hill [looking southward towards the nearest residential area]. It kind of feels like I'm in a castle, and I'm royalty.

I'm trying to be humble about it, though. I don't want to take for granted what I have. I feel like I'm very privileged.

Well, anyway, I wanted to say something. I was thinking something while I was at Horsey Hill and that is I think I'm most sexy to myself and happy and feeling like I'm doing what's right if I pursue software engineering as a career, or at least something in information technology. It doesn't seem right for me to say I'm just going to settle on a blue-collar career or something that isn't information technology centric.

So I've always kind of deep down idealized myself being a professional software engineer or something similar to that kind of job. [It] could be a technical writer, [it] could be a quality assurance person, but it has to really be centered around computer technology. Maybe it'll be something [employment-related] having to do with artificial intelligence.

And I figured if I am not able to get a career doing that because maybe I just don't have the qualifications, and there's too many other applicants that do, then at the very least I can continue to do that kind of stuff as a hobby, which I basically make the center of my life, and then I treat whatever job I have as a means to that end so that I can continue to do my hobby and afford things like being able to replace my laptop and everything else that I need to basically sustain my lifestyle. And I just think it's cool. More and more I think about reality kind of looks like it is fundamentally computational.

So to me studying computer science is deeply spiritual. It's not just something I would do for money or for status. It's something that makes me feel closer to God to some extent, even though basically I identify as non-theistic or atheist.

But I also say that I prefer a pan-psychic worldview, which is I assume that the fundamental substrate of reality is consciousness itself. Because I figure that what I feel as consciousness is not just localized to my brain; I think it might be within some larger all-encompassing field. But then again, I really don't know for sure.

It's just speculation. There could be parallel universes that have no way of overlapping because they're in entire separate universes. So it's hard to imagine that given how many dimensions I seem to be localized to.

It's like my imagination has a hard time visualizing that many dimensions given that my imagination is temporarily at least localized to just a few dimensions. It seems to be localized to a particular timeline where I can't go backwards in time, and I can't jump ahead in time, and I can't freeze time. Because whatever my mind is, it's like a process that depends on there constantly being energy transfer, which has to occur inside of time.

So that's just the way things are for me. And I idealize being able to somehow transcend that and maintaining this continuity of consciousness in my identity, in my mind, in the sense of I am still me, which seems like magical thinking. I'm not sure how that could be accomplished, but maybe it can.

If I just keep on trying to figure out how things work, maybe eventually I'll find that I could do anything that I set my mind to, because I can basically manifest anything I imagine if I get sufficiently in touch with my true power. I can already imagine people are ridiculing me and saying that's very childish and escapist of me and delusional and I should be focused more on practical concerns. But I figure, of course, I'll be forced to deal with practical things just to keep living in this world.

There's no need for me to have to make an extra effort to pay attention to those things, because I'll be forced to pay attention to those things sooner or later. While I have the chance to enjoy thinking beyond that, I'll go ahead and do that. So this is kind of like a final thing to add to my current micro-directory, which I'm in the middle of updating, within the context of what I call a dark hiatus bubble.

And I say it's dark because it includes private development inside of private GitHub repositories. Otherwise, I don't consider it to be dark, because everything is public. You can see every update, every file, because I decide to make it visible to the public.

I think I'm more comfortable doing everything in a way where it's layered in terms of privacy. So maybe the preliminary drafts are done in private, and then closer to releasing it or finalizing it, it's public, just so my imaginary audience can see that I'm still making progress and haven't just dropped off a cliff and disappeared. With this next phase of the [macro] summer Hiatus, I do expect it to look that way, like I suddenly disappeared, just for the sake of being able to prove that I can take a real hiatus from public activity for at least a few weeks.

Because that shows that I have the power to come back, and the power to keep persisting without appearing to be making constant updates to my web presence. I will probably still keep making changes on accounts like Reddit and such, because I'm trying to achieve the Basement Dweller achievement, which I think is about 600 days of consecutive Reddit activity. Things like that, I like to stay active on social media, because it makes me feel like I'm connected to the world, and that's how I get my news primarily.

So I usually "like" things, or upvote them, and sometimes comment on things, just as part of feeling like I'm part of the world. But really, I don't consider that to be what I canonize in KARBYTES, because that's just too messy to keep track of. The things that I make into canon KARBYTES material is stuff that I pretty much have 100% control over, creativity-wise.

So again, KARBYTES is pretty much just a standalone project. It's just about one person trying to be self-sovereign over their own self-created cosmos, to some extent. So consider all these files that I made to be, like, simpler versions of the physical cosmos that I live in, in terms of they have fewer dimensions.

A file could be considered like a form of matter, energy, space, and time in its own, especially a video file. It's like a replayable universe, but it's just a one-track universe. It doesn't really split into different universes as a multiverse would. At least from my vantage, it doesn't. So it's like a tiny universe inside of a larger universe. A simpler, less complex, more linear kind of universe inside of a more complex universe that has a potential to branch.

Some people think that the many-worlds hypothesis is nonsense because it's hard to prove that. I don't see how anyone would unless they have some kind of magical way to transcend current physical limitations. I wonder if psychedelics could enable people to do that or altered states of consciousness.

And if not, at least it's fun to think about, so I try to take my imagination as far as it can go. I'm still always going to be doing metaphysics as a hobby. That's definitely central to my life.

And I'm trying to stay open-minded, and if anything intrigues me, then I go explore it more. So I'm not done learning. I'm not done developing interests.

I'm just trying to make sure that I maintain enough space in my life so that I can actually pursue new things that I haven't even thought about. And I think maintaining that openness to newness is very important. Otherwise, I think my life would feel too much like a closed system, and my brain starts to shut down to new things, and becomes more rigid, and maybe I start to die a little bit, and start to decline.

That reminds me that I feel more like an actual person now than I did several years ago. So about two or three years ago, I started seriously using magic mushrooms. And before I did that, I felt like I was relatively subhuman. And that's because my brain probably didn't have as many actual neural connections in it. The psychedelics enabled me to form new hardware connections in my brain that weren't there before, which enables me to have a higher degree of consciousness than ever before. So I'm more of a person now than I was before I did the psychedelics.

When I look back at my life and recall the animalistic things that I did, the criminal activity, it just feels so alien to me now. That's not something I would do. It's something I could imagine doing, but not something I can seriously justify doing.

I have a lot more self control now, because my sense of awareness of past, present, and future, and possible alternate realities is expanded, where I couldn't justify wasting this incredible gift that I have to be what I am. It just makes me sad to think about squandering that. So I'm sorry to anyone I hurt, myself included, and I'll try my best to minimize how much I cause anyone suffering.
