/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_25july2026_p0.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 25_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

// KARBYTES_VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTIONS_25JULY2026_P0

The following five videos were transcribed using the TurboScribe.ai web application.

* * *

video_0_name: karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p0.mp4

video_0_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p0.mp4

video_0_transcription:

Alright, well I was talking to ChatGPT today about some things related to the future of the economy and of what adults do with their time, especially in a day and age where, increasingly, human jobs get outsourced to [non-human] machines. So I was talking about how maybe adults should be forced to go to some kind of adult-school-like situation where they earn credits to prove that they're eligible to continue receiving a universal basic income, but I said preferably I would want people to have more freedom with their time than that. I'm just saying realistically maybe people need more structure overall for society to still be cohesive and for people to [apparently] care about each other.

Maybe people do have to be dragged out of their houses and forced to interact [with other people] for them to [apparently] care about each other. I don't really know. I can only really speak for myself based on what I know.

So I would say that I think [that], left my own devices, I could do pretty well and be a good contributing member to society on my own, but I think that I wouldn't be as sociable as I would be if I were... than I would be if I was forced to go to school or something, but that's besides the point. What I'm trying to say is I was asking the question of what is the minimum number of people in a group [is] for the people in that group to actually be considered worthy of supporting, investing in, and respecting, and I kind of feel like implicitly the number is greater than one, and really on paper it seems it's supposed to be one. One is the smallest number in terms of what counts as a person with supposed rights.

So what I was complaining about to ChatGPT pertains to me not wanting my life to shut down due to bureaucratic things. So it could be employment, it could be something else supply related. Basically I don't want my personal supply chain to have to shut down or be interrupted because other people don't think that I matter because I'm just one person and I seem to be the only person who's really concerned with that supply chain.

It's not like it's a supply chain for a group of people; it's just a supply chain for one person. So maybe the system is implicitly saying you just don't seem to matter enough to other people; not enough other people seem to really care about you getting your needs met, so maybe it's just not that big of a priority to anyone but yourself. So you deserve to be left on hold indefinitely and have your life disrupted.

So that's what I'm saying is I kind of feel that way now, and maybe they're trying to put pressure on me to be more sociable, to be more affiliated with the group, and that's basically them saying that in order for me to have basic human rights, or to be treated with respect, or to have the system actually work for me, I have to get my needs met primarily through group affiliation, not primarily through just being human. So I don't really like that. That goes against my values.

I think that people should be treated as having intrinsic worth; just as people not having to belong to a group to really be considered worth attending to. Maybe that's because people weren't always attended to because they were the product of unplanned pregnancies in a world where people are [or were historically] kind of encouraged to hastily get married and have indiscriminately many kids. So I think a lot of people just end up being neglected by a system that is all about trying to maximize the number of citizens, and then they'll only prioritize the citizens they think are [sufficiently] valuable to society and let the other ones fall through the cracks, metaphorically speaking.

Well, what else do I have to say? Not much other than I got stuff to do today. Well, gotta go!

* * *

video_1_name: karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p1.mp4

video_1_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p1.mp4

video_1_transcription:

Alright, I got another idea as I was driving, and it is this whole idea about compulsory education for adults as a replacement for school, I mean, for jobs. 

So I was thinking that in the future, having a job is kind of like a status object, and maybe only about 40% or less of the population will be employed by a certain point in time, while the other 60% are going to adult school for the rest of their lives. And if they're not going to adult school, they just don't get their UBI [i.e. Universal Basic Income] credits for the week or whatever.

So I'm thinking, how does the system prevent people from rebelling? At first I was talking as though people will just not want to rebel against the system because they don't want to lose their income. But suppose they decide to be conscientious objectors to the system. The system is going to have to account for that somehow as a possibility by making sure those people don't starve to death or something.

So still, there will need to be things like homeless shelters and food for them, food banks and such. So yeah, people could live at a very low level like that if they decide they don't want to participate. But if they want a better standard of living, then they'll have to do the compulsory adult education [or obtain employment].

And I think that's preferable to putting people in prison because they don't want to do the compulsory adult education or to have a job. So that's for people that don't have jobs. If you have a job, that's because you're considered to be a distinguished, exceptionally contributing person or you have qualifications that make you especially eligible for certain positions.

But not everyone is going to have that. So those who don't have that, which is the majority of people, they have to do the adult school, like what I was saying. And if they don't do the adult school, then they just simply suffer not having a UBI.

Instead, they have to depend on homeless shelters and food banks and that kind of stuff that's state-funded but is not really a true replacement for having a UBI. Because UBI pays for a lot more than just the bare minimum survival and comfort. Not even that, really.

I think [that is] just the bare minimum survival. But if you really want to be comfortable, [then] you do have to do adult school or have a job. That's all I have to say for now.

* * *

video_2_name: karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p2.mp4

video_2_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p2.mp4

video_2_transcription:

All right, I hate to bring this up to you, but there is kind of a problematic monkey person who's been in this parking lot for what seems like 10 minutes, and all they've been doing is just driving around in circles with their SUV and [possibly] trying to get in my attention span. I think they're trying to make me look at them. They just don't know what to do with themselves, apparently, other than try to get my attention, because here I am presiding over KARBYTES, working on my own projects, and they don't seem to have enough going on in their lives, so their only hobby is to disrupt me from having hobbies.

That's kind of what the gist of a monkey man is. So here he is, getting his attention. He's trying to fight with me.

That's the only thing he does for fun, apparently. I was going to go on a walk. I was going to go over there and go for a hike for a little bit to calm down from the stressful events which happened earlier today, which has mostly been resolved already.

So it's not like I still have issues pertaining to the stressful things that happened earlier today. Other people [but neither all nor most people] just don't allow me to chill. It's like there's nothing I'm doing that's stealing from them.

I'm not trying to inconvenience them. I'm not trying to be annoying. All I'm doing is just trying to mind my own business and do a good job at what I'm doing, and they act like they have some kind of problem with that, and they have to try to make me feel like I'm taking a loss.

These people just don't know how to share the public space, in my opinion, very well. So whenever I talk to myself, they seem to get mad, but they seem to be perfectly fine hogging the space, making lots of noise, and calling attention to themselves. So it's kind of hypocritical of them.

I was kind of afraid to leave my car unattended because this person's acting shady. I feel like they want to do something to my car when I'm not here. But really, it's because I don't feel right yet again allowing another one of these instances to go by where I don't actually record it while it's happening.

Because yeah, this person's definitely trying to get attention, it looks like. I don't know for sure that that's what they're doing. I really don't know what's going on in their minds, why they're still here driving around in slow circles, acting like they don't know how to park the fucking car.

I'm just here just organizing my own thoughts before I go about my plans. I'm not the one who's floundering, not knowing what to do. These monkey people, that's what I call them, they act like they don't know what to fucking do with themselves.

I'm like, well, I guess you guys have too much attention deficit disorder or something. You guys just don't know how to concentrate on a task and get engrossed in anything. So you're constantly going, "I don't know how to sit down and appreciate anything, so I don't want you to either."

So let's all just be attention deficit together. That's what's going on. So it could also be a power display.

I think that's primarily what it is. It's they don't like the fact that the Big Green Thing has become a refuge for me to go to, that's always there for me. And they're like, "Well, it's public."

Yeah, of course it's public. It's for everyone. But they don't like the fact that I'm taking my time to go in.

He finally parked his car. I saw someone open the door and someone's like stepped out. It was some guy and then he went back in.

So I don't know what that was about. I guess they're waiting for me to make the first move out of the car. The thing with these monkey people, which I'm kind of acting like right now by not leaving the car, is they act like they have to stay in their cars.

They don't like leaving their cars because then they don't have their secure shell to protect them and their fast transportation. They have to depend on themselves to get around [if they're walking]. I'm used to that.

I spent a lot of time hiking in the woods in remote places that doesn't have internet connection and you have to carry in your own water and all that. That's nothing new. I've been doing that for years.

It's not that I'm afraid to go in. It's that I think other people have an issue doing that themselves because they're not as practiced [at hiking in remote wilderness regions]. So yeah, it's about bravado and machismo and competition showing off and territorialism.

People who drive SUVs, I don't think they really care about the environment all that much. They don't care about gas guzzlers having an impact on the ecosystem and making the air more toxic, causing more cancer, et cetera. I do feel bad about driving a gas consuming car.

If it were up to me, I'd be driving an electric car, but I haven't been able to earn enough money to do that. So I'm kind of gridlocked into that kind of transportation or having no transportation or having transportation that's so ridiculous it practically counts as not having transportation. And if you don't have good transportation, then it's hard to get a lot of jobs.

This guy still doesn't know what to do with himself. Five minutes go by. It's about five minutes, 25, 26 seconds since [I started] recording.

I'm just going to try to go in. Hopefully nothing bad's going to happen to me. Oh, he's part of the people who lives there or works there [because the gate opened to Miller Road (which is a private road for government vehicles only) at the Chabot Staging Area parking lot and some gray SUV went in].

I mean, oh, nevermind. I'm confused because I can't tell whether these people work over there or they're just more civilians. So I consider the people that go over there are the part of the military industrial complex.

So government, et cetera only drives through there. And the civilians, they are not allowed to drive over there.

And they're only allowed to go in there [along the hiking trail] if they have a hiking permit, which I have. So it could be that maybe that guy doesn't have a hiking permit. Well, I'm going to go in now because I've been sitting here for over six minutes and that guy does not look like he wants to leave the parking lot nor park.

So I guess I'm going to be the first to leave the premises.

* * *

video_3_name: karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p3.mp4

(relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_01august2026_l/)

video_3_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p3.mp4

video_3_transcription:

Alrighty, I have approximately 25 minutes of recording time left on this phone right now. Usually I have to go through my phone periodically to delete videos which are no longer needed on the phone and let the phone go through enough time where I suppose undercover or whatever you call under-the-hood-processes happen, which delete the files which are supposed to be deleted already. Anyway, back to what I'm saying.

So I'm headed to what looks like a junction in a trail starting at Chabot Staging Area in Castro Valley, California on 23_JULY_2026. There are other videos I made prior to this video of me driving to this location. And so far things are going pretty well for me.

What I was complaining about earlier of being some kind of logistical issue or disruption in my supply chain, basically it's been resolved pretty quickly; quicker than I thought. So not as much hassle and heartache as I was afraid might have happened. So that's good to know.

So far I'm pretty happy. Right now it's Thursday and it seemed to have nothing really pressing on me that I have to do at a specific time for the foreseeable future for the rest of this summer Hiatus, which means I can kind of just do what I want to do and not feel too constrained by schedules. But as soon as I have schedules and all that and appointments I do very quickly adapt.

So it's not like I need to get ready to work. I already am ready to work. The jobs I want to work at are not yet posting job openings, but I expect they will fairly soon within the next two months.

So I'll just enjoy the summer. It's still July after all. I'm talking about jobs that are mostly about seasonal holiday kind of jobs, so closer to September I expect I'll be seriously applying for jobs.

And I'm hoping that the seasonal job that I get will eventually turn into a permanent job or at least keep me employed before I get a better job if I decide that's what's necessary. Or maybe not me deciding, but the system decides. As in, I might get terminated against my will.

And if that happens, well, I'll just continue as I've been continuing. Maybe I'll find a better way than what I planned. I think I'm doing just fine and what I'm doing is every day there's something being revealed to me as I create KARBYTES.

There's some kind of emergent order and logic to what I'm doing. What I'm doing is just putting it together in a file structure; digital files that I can save to disks and post on the internet and refer to the same file across long stretches of time so I have consistent memory structure that I can rely on. I consider that to be one of the main bases for my identity to be stable; for my worldview to be substantiated.

If I didn't have KARBYTES, it would feel too much like I am at risk of getting overwritten without even really knowing it. KARBYTES keeps me the creator of my life and not just someone who's like a piece of chattel for others to indoctrinate, corral, et cetera. I'm pretty proud of what I made today already in the videos, except for maybe the last video I made prior to this one because I think that was me kind of giving in to the pressure to make the focus of my blog about someone who's being annoying instead of about me and my projects.

But I thought, hey, here's an example that's kind of conveniently available for me to record. Here's one example of what I mean by people being annoying. And yeah, I got that in.

It's something I try not to do. I try not to be annoying. And that's because I like to have self-esteem.

And I have self-esteem when I'm someone that I think is likable and genuinely cool and smart and accomplished. Yeah, I have a lot of things I need to do to be more worthy in my eyes of self-esteem, but I'm not unworthy of self-esteem right now. I'm just saying that maybe I have a higher standard that I set for myself than what others set for themselves.

And it shows in the differences of our behavior. I'm kind of worried that those kinds of people are trying to prevent me from getting a job and keeping a job and act like only they're allowed to have jobs. But what I've been writing about or talking about, which will eventually be transcribed, is that it's a privilege to have a job after a certain point in time.

While everyone else... they're just pretty much overgrown children. They have to be told what to do; go to school. Not everyone has to be told what to do to function, but as a general rule to make sure it's fair and safe, people will be required by law [in my proposed "post-human", mostly automated economic system] to go to school or to have a job.

And if they don't do those things, they just have to suffer not getting a UBI; not go to prison. So it's not punishment. It's just not getting the rewards.

My system is about giving people rewards for doing the right things. According to the system, not punishing people for not doing the right things. For the most part, there still will be incarceration for people that are dangerous and do bad things.

But I would like it to be more like how Norway handles their criminals and making prison sentences no longer than 20 years in general, unless they're extremely dangerous people. And I think that's because it does seem arbitrary to decide that someone should be put away in jail for the rest of their life for one thing they did in the past when they have the potential to actually be reformed. I think that's kind of a waste of human life.

And I'm not that wasteful with human life. Now, I also don't like the idea of enforcing or celebrating retribution. I think retribution is animalistic and it's unethical.

It's just another instance of malice and intentional harm. That's not good, no matter what the reason is to justify it. It's just another instance of bad behavior.

What I'm saying is we're just trying to minimize bad behavior by not letting it go on. We have to stop the chain reaction at a certain point. That might mean someone has to be incarcerated and rehabilitated for some time.

That's not to punish them necessarily. Yeah, they'll be kind of deprived of the luxuries that other people have in society. That's because prisons are supposed to be austere to some extent.

I'm talking about Norwegian prisons where it's not barbaric conditions to live in. It's still reasonably comfortable. They still have opportunities to do things instead of just waste their time.

So I don't want anyone's time to get wasted. That's what I'm saying. Many people think I'm too soft on criminals.

Well, I have to be because I myself am also a former criminal. I wouldn't want to put myself away in jail for life. I wouldn't want to subject myself to torture.

So yeah, I have sympathy for those that are in prison. But yeah, I wouldn't want very dangerous people to be allowed out of prison if they look like they haven't been reformed. So what I'm saying is if it seems like they've been sufficiently reformed, then the maximum prison sentence for them should be 20 years. 

But that's just my thoughts on the matter. I'm sure I'm not the only one who has these thoughts. But where I live, locally, maybe it's not the most popular opinion.

* * *

video_4_name: karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p4.mp4

(relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_01august2026_n/)

(relevant_web_image: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/chatgpt_generated_image_two_karbytes_instances_one_burrow_22july2026.png)

video_4_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_71/main/karbytes_thinking_23july2026_p4.mp4

video_4_transcription:

All right, I'm headed up on Dinosaur Ridge Trail. If I took a left I would have gone on Ramage Peak Trail. I decided I wanted to go this way instead.

This is good exercise, going up hills is. Well anyway, what I was thinking of is recently ChatGPT and I generated an image which I haven't yet released to the public. It's a picture of two karbytes instances.

I think the one on top is supposed to be me. The one of the bottom is supposed to be a derivative of me, and it's supposed to be depicted as lovers. They're sufficiently similar where they each seem to have their own lives. So my lover isn't just simply waiting for me to come home, he's doing his own thing.

I'd like to say that it's an idealization. I don't know if it's entirely possible to make that happen in real life. I don't believe it's impossible for people to have egalitarian relationships, but I think it's not the norm.

It hasn't been, at least historically. But my idea is my partner, who's ideal in imagination, has his own life, isn't being involuntarily detained by me. And the idea is there's a 50-50 chance that we're going to sleep together every night.

So it's a 50-50 chance that we'll be in a relationship. We'll be in the same sleeping bag together, with our limbs wrapped around each other, likely, in a loving embrace. We never grow tired of each other, we never fight, we always get along.

And that's largely because we respect each other's autonomy. So if one or both of us decides we'd rather stay up and do our own thing instead [of sleep], then that's what we end up doing without any quarrels about it. So I'd say 50-50% chance that we'll be going to bed together, and 50-50% chance that one or both of us decides to do something other than go to bed with the other person.

Both of us are celibate, besides having relations with each other, which isn't really all that complicated. It's mostly just cuddling. Some romance.
Maybe some sexual activity. Nothing too fancy. No babies are being made.

No sexually transmitted diseases are being transmitted or incubated in either one of us. And because it's a fantasy-based relationship, it basically costs almost zero dollars, and zero energy, and zero time. It's for my own amusement.

It's a fantasy that I play in my mind to help make my otherwise drudgery-ridden existence feel a bit more comfortable and loving. And it is self-love, ultimately. It's from nature.

Nature is the ultimate source of existence. So I go out into the Big Green Thing as a way to recalibrate myself to nature and to take a break from the human matrix.
