/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_25july2026_p2.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 25_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

I've been noticing pig_gorl sulking and throwing out passive-aggressive and conflict-mongering taunts in response to me doing anything I think is "cool" or which enhances my "coolness" (especially when I'm physically exercising or crafting elaborate web pages which requires some degree of complexity and rigor rather than merely binge writing in a stream-of-conscious-sounding and overly self-important manner). It makes me think that pig_gorl is the epitome of what I consider to be the worst stereotype of women in general: the antithesis of what I consider to be "cool". 

I define "cool" (in the context of this web page) as being admirable, genuinely inspiring of imitation, and evocative of physiological states pertaining to being physically active, mentally rigorous, emotionally empowered (but not in a bratty, attention-seeking way). 

The antithesis of "cool" are qualities such as insecure, petulent, petty, shallow, lazy, cowardly, emotionally unstable, overly emotional, narcissistic, and defaulting to making sexuality and attention-seeking gimmicks the main thing a person is presenting. 

I have said misogynistic things many times throughout KARBYTES. I would like to make this web page the last time I do that. I'll try to capture the essence of my particular misogynistic thoughts (which are likely mostly in reaction to pig_gorl's incessant harassment and attempts to sabotage my "coolness" more than any other trigger).

What I find particularly disgusting about (some types of) women is the following:

1. Neonatalism - the way they physically appear to be largely stunted physically in terms of overall size, strength, voice pitch, facial features, and mannerisms such that they literally come across to me as impersonators of children (and even competing with their own children for attention, praise, and material investment (especially from male providers of such things)). I don't find it cute. Instead, I find it disturbingly grotesque to the point that it enrages me and makes me want to render women extinct. I see how women appeal to people's caretaker instincts by behaving and appearing like helpless, weak babies and how those women seem to get "special treatment" for advertising those qualities.

2. Anti-Intellectualism - the way they seem to not develop serious interests outside of merely upkeeking their bodies, preparing and consuming food, sexuality, and sub-adult-level social status concerns. In that sense, they seem mentally immature in addition to being physically immature. But society seems to condone that and even reinforce that because it keeps women relegated to where they seem most useful to society: the bedroom, the kitchen, the nursery, and the beauty pageant. Meanwhile, the men go off to develop wordly and technical interests which contribute to the bulk of what civilization is esteemed for. Women have so little to contribute that they are praised for merely staying alive even though they hardly have to lift a finger to do so. They are essentially kept in nurseries and coddled as children who are too immature, weak, lazy, emotionally unstable, irational, narcissistic, needy, and disgusting to be addressed in a more straightforward, honest, adult-like manner. 

3. Inconsolible Misery - the way they seem to be chronically (and stubbornly) depressed, overly impressed with themselves (despite grossly underachieving compared to men), and prone to try to make other people miserable just so that they don't feel alone in their (self-perpetuated) suffering. They will often exclaim things like, "I don't know why I act so crazy, but at least my boyfriend is patient with me and makes up for the qualities I lack."

4. Superficiality - the way they seem to be pathologically fixated on how they and other women they are competing with physically appear (with respect to the male gaze). They act like unconcious apes competing for access to an alpha male's attention, favor, and investment despite having so little to offer him in return other than easy access to sex. Most women are not even physically fit or particularly good-looking but they exclaim adamently that they are beautiful no matter what. They are generally overweight, unhygenic, dressed in gaudy attire and makeup, and extremely cliche, unoriginal, and stereotyped in their mannerisms and speech to the point that they seem to not even have original thoughts. They seem to lack souls.

5. Cruelty - the way they are assumed to be angelic, innocent, and kind when really that is part of their superficial display to garner favorable treatment from men and to avoid being exposed for the greedy, conniving parasites they are. They often get away with violence, child endangerment, false rape allegations, theft, vandalism, and wasting community resources on staged "emergencies" related to them having "mental breakdowns" or greatly exagerating the severity of their minor physical ailments.

I think that people who are seriously offended by this web page probably find it to be uncomfortably revealing of something relevant to them (either about themselves personally or about the people they are enmeshed with). I hope and expect that my "target audience" members will chuckle at this writing as just the "grand finale" to the end of a long stretch of routinely making pig_gorl the center of attention in KARBYTES.

So, needless to say, pig_gorl is not at all what I consider to be "cool", but I think many women are (which means that the list of "anti-cool" traits on this web page probably do not apply to them). pig_gorl is likely some lap dog to military tyrants, chauvinist pigs, animal abusers, proud destroyers of ecosystems, opposers of civil liberties for all, and hoarders of wealth. pig_gorl probably does not love anyone nor anything and is literally just waiting for some miracle to occur which makes the problems in her life go away or else she is simply waiting to die and is not really trying to do anything to make her life nor anyone else's more enjoyable. Instead, she seems to have no hobby other than obsessively stalking karbytes in the hopes that pig_gorl will get to witness karbytes' demise (as though pig_gorl has nothing else to look forward to).

The reason pig_gorl seems to be so obsessed with karbytes and apparently hateful towards karbytes is because karbytes is genuinely "cool" (which, in pig_gorl's mind, seems physically impossible for a "mere woman" to be). I imagine asking pig_gorl if she would choose to take testosterone if she knew for sure ahead of time that it would enable her to consistently pass for a cisgendered man and she said yes and all of a sudden her imagination opened up and she could, for the first time in her life, imagine having real agency and cool qualities rather than defaulting to being the passive, hostage-like sycophant to the patriarchal war-mongering thugs in power she is. I asked her if she would be willing to take testosterone if she would not consistently pass for a cisgendered man until after at least two years go by of her taking it and she said no. It seems that she is not willing to go through the awkward and sometimes alienating stage between "pre-T" and "passably male". That is because she clings to her captor's approval like her life depends on it. She is acting like a girl in Afghanistan living under the rule of the Taliban. That's why she seems so afraid to resist the Taliban. She is afraid of getting severely punished if she gets caught attempting to pass for a man without fully medically transitioning. She seems upset that I was willing to go through the alienating and invalidating experiences I have to become long-term testosterone-administering. She seems desperate to emasculate me with her words, to ignore my success and progress with regards to becoming passably masculine, and to maybe even physically prevent me from continuing to make such progress. I think that is because she is insane with jealousy that I made it across that ravine and came out the other side as something she does not have the courage to attempt to become herself: a real man. I can tell that she has internalized misogyny because she seems to only admire cisgendered men. I let her say invalidating things to me such as "you will never be a real man" or "you're not a real man, Karlina" or "stop sobbing" (when I'm not even crying but am simply just feeling deep emotions without being exhibitionist about it the way she seems to be so overly emotional about relatively unimpressive and unimportant matters). She is a blatant hypocrite and seems incapable of handling it when I call her out on her hypocrisy. She just changes the subject and continues to spew ad hominem attacks and claims to be the victor in whatever fights she perpetually tries to have with me.

I should probably add another "anti-cool" quality to the list based on pig_gorl's recent antics...

7. Grossness - the way they intentionally (or unintentionally) exhibit offputting and disturbing qualities which evoke feelings of disgust, anger, and resignation. They seem less polite and well-mannered than children (especially when eating or in pertinence to mouth noises). They seem to be unconscious of how inappropriate they are behaving or appearing but are actually aware that what they are doing (i.e. being gross) gets them attention (especially from men). So they act like they are in heat and unable to sustain a professional demeanor, unable to be empathic and helpful to people other than the sex-starved men they are trying to seduce my acting like impatient toddlers who are undressing themselves in public and in front of small children while making moaning sounds and infant-like vocalizations and babbling (because that seems to be the magic formula which makes simple men give them money, attention, protection, and social status). They seem unable to keep their mouths still and neutral and are always pouting, subtly crying, slobbering, whimpering, whining, and sometimes sucking on objects like teething infants.

8. Insincerity - the way they pretend to have emotional depth, concern, empathy, and interest in something when, in reality, they only care about exploiting alpha males for access to his power (because, without him, she has none). Hence, she only pretends to be interested in what he is talking about or doing and she only pretends to be enjoying having hobbies, friends, and a career outside of making her whole life a game of trying to become his number one woman. After a while it is clear that she was only pretending to have interests outside of that shallow one-track existence of hers. That's why she sucks at STEM subjects, arts beyond grade school level, athletics, travel, outdoor living, and philanthrophy. She lacks talent, skill, and enthusiasm and is mostly very robotic, grim (while feigning emotional complexity and intellectual depth), profoundly unfunny (despite bragging about what a comedian she is when her attempts at being humorous come across as desperate, distressed, entitled, sulky, and impersonating of someone she is not), and draining (rather than making those in her company feel genuinely cared for, understood, and assisted because she seems to repeat herself ad infinitum to the point that it reveals her mental illness, her dementia, her lack of education, her lack of worldly participation, her being reduced to little more than a sub-human partially sentient womb, vagina, and set of flabby curves).

I have had violent fantasies about getting rid of pig_gorl. My fantasies about getting rid of her are never elaborate or fetishistic (much to her dismay) because I simply want to get rid of her; not prolong her involvement in my life. She has been so ugly to me that I have lost most of my compassion for her and, while I would not go out of my way to cause her suffering, if I could get away with it penalty free, I might resort to killing her by any means however painful provided that those means do not seem to take too long. That might mean that I hold her head under water for five minutes to drown her or back a car over her six times to ensure she is dead. Then, after that, I would coldy and uncerimoniously resume my life as though she never existed.

There are probably some men out there who would take the wretch in like they would an abandonned mangey puppy and love it like a baby. They would probably grow tired of her crazy-making, life-draining antics quickly but, even so, I think there are plenty of depressed men who would put up with her anyway because they would rather be with her than be without a woman.

(Just to be clear, I identify as pansexual (which means that I am capable of being sexually attracted to people across all genders whether they are cisgendered or transgendered) but I seem to strongly prefer my own gender (which is male or masculine-androgynous rather than predominantly feminine or non-masculine). Hence, I am not deeply attracted to women, but I have had crushes on tomboy-esque women growing up and have masturbated to images of women. I feel much more of a romantic pull towards the masculine (which means that I am more gay than straight (and my gender identity is masculine-androgynous given that I am a voluntary testosterone-taking, plainly-dressed transman who does not voluntarily engage in cross-dressing nor role-playing as a woman)). I have considered occassionally dressing up to look "gothlike" or "metal" but that's more of a fleeting fantasy than something I feel motivated to physically implement given that I prefer being hyper-pragmatic, ready for physical activity, and dressed in a manner which employs dark-colored clothes, loose-fitting rather than skin-tight clothes, and clothes with minimal logos and designs on them. I also avoid wearing any jewelry nor sporting any visible tattoos (though I have one small tattoo of a hand-drawn galaxy on my right shoulder). I prefer to keep my head hair long and my facial hair visible because I find such hair styling to be most attractive to me personally; perhaps because I associate it with nature-loving hippies and metal music. In terms of how I behave in general, I try not to exagerate my emotions nor downplay them and I tend to be someone who appreciates in-depth and straight-forward discussions when appropriate and, other than that, concise and practical communication with minimal flattery, small talk, and diversion).

Perhaps other people (including pig_gorl) find me attractive and are hoping that I will give them my undivided attention, devotion, and favor (and if I don't, such people might exclaim that I am cold, cruel, selfish, and in need of reformation). I have tried to say this many times already: I am already in a committed monogamous relationship with myself and don't want to change that arrangement. I am not open to breaking up my current relationship and making someone else the object of my affection and devotion. If you harass me beyond a certain point, I may respond by physically assaulting you. I do go to great lengths to avoid becoming embroiled in physical altercations with anyone (unlike pig_gorl who seems to actually crave violence and seek it out or encourage it to occur (especially so that she can play victim about it)).

I will close this journal entry with the image of me curb stomping pig_gorl's skull in one swift stomp which splatters her uselss parasite brains and then instantly vaporizing her bodily remains from whatever surfaces they splattered on.

#whore #parasite #leech #whimp #pig #bitch #baby #brat #girl #bum #fat #dumb #childish #whiny #short #weak #needy #squeaky #shallow #souless #brainless #spineless #unoriginal #bimbo #tradcon #manthirsty #greedy #trash #vermin #vasectomy #spay #exterminate #eugenics #censorship #patriarchy #breeders #war #chimpanzees #mentallyill #specialsnowflake #fakeautistic #narcissistic #ugly #lazy #ghetto #dog #whimpering #moaning #slobbering #drunk #burden #abortit
